Iona: You have a tough day
at the office?
Remember that weaselly
new creative director
I told you about
last week?
Mm -- peter.
Guy's been totally
sandbagging my work
On the nachos locos account,
which I've had --
Okay, can I stop you there
for one moment?
Who gives a crap?
Seriously.
You act like you're out there
curing cancer.
You are hawking chips
for a third-rate ad agency.
But I-I thought you said
that I should --
No, no, no.
Don't think. Shut up.
If I want your thoughts,
I will ask for them.
[ drawer opens ]
Take off your jacket.
Hands.
Ohhh!
Open.
Mm.
Mm!
Mm-hmm.
Much better.
We will be playing a little game
called "guess the toy."
Toy number 1.
Mm-hmm.
[ chuckles ]
Toy number 2.
[ whip cracks ]
[ muffled screaming ]
[ groaning ]
On second thought,
We won't be needing
toy number 1.
[ screaming ]
Hey.
What are you doing up?
Busy night.
Ah.
Where have you been?
Oh, out and about,
mixing it up --
You know, a little, uh, dancing,
a little drinking,
A little what-have-you.
[ clears throat ]
Abraham...
You're clearly
dehydrated.
Let me fix you a tonic
to restore your electrolytes.
Tell me that's not...
Eau de l'amour.
[ sighs ] she's back again,
isn't she?
Maureen delacroix,
The face
that broke a thousand hearts,
And a bosom
that still defies gravity.
She's your ex-wife,
abraham.
Eh.
Maureen and I have always been
like wild animals.
Why do you think
I married her?
Twice.
You also fought
like wild animals,
And you were divorced
twice.
Well,
you know what they say.
"third time's a charm?"
No -- you can't have the sweet
without the sour.
That woman has done nothing
but hurt you time after time.
Are you talking about
the incident with the gun?
She didn't know
it was loaded.
No, abe.
I'm worried
about her breaking your heart.
[ chuckles ]
At my age?
I should be so lucky.
It shows
it's still working.
Hit me again, will you?
Henry:
Sex, drugs, skydiving.
Whoo!
It's strange that
the things we do for a thrill,
In order to make ourselves
feel alive,
Are the same things
that may kill us.
The same is true when it comes
to human relationships.
The people we love the most
Are the ones capable
of hurting us the most deeply.
Name's richard gaines.
Found 600 bucks in his wallet,
so you can rule out robbery.
Hanson:
No obvious signs of trauma.
Hm.
Quite the opposite.
Manicured nails,
Laser hair removal
on his fingers.
This man controlled the image
he presented to the world.
You got all that
from a hand?
The way we treat our bodies
reflects who we are, detective.
All right, doc.
Well,
according to his license,
He lives less than half a mile
from here.
Maybe someone
knew his route, waited.
Guy looks rich --
probably had enemies.
Yeah, well,
scratches on his face --
He got them being dumped.
Moving car, maybe?
And they didn't bleed,
Which means he was already dead
when he hit the ground.
Have you ever considered
a career
As a medical examiner,
detective?
No.
Forensics didn't find squat.
Any evidence that was left
Was washed away
with last night's rain.
It's a beautiful suit.
A tad on the ostentatious side,
though.
You said he was vain --
the, uh, laser hair removal.
Guy wanted to be noticed.
Or he wanted his clothes
to be noticed,
Meaning he wanted to hide
what was beneath them.
[ camera whines,
shutter clicking ]
Hanson:
What the hell?
Henry: This man
was flagellated -- whipped.
Though the lashes
are superficial.
Manner of death --
asphyxiation.
The broad band ligature marks
suggest
That he was choked
with some sort of strap --
A belt, perhaps.
What do you think --
an interrogation gone wrong?
This guy was tortured.
Or maybe
whoever did this to him
Was looking for some kind
of sick thrill.
The person who killed him wasn't
the one looking for the thrill.
He was.
[ lucas sighs ]
is that a --
Black light?
Yes, it is.
Bought it for a rave.
That was a joke.
No, I use it for travel.
I've seen
enough biological residue
To never touch a hotel remote
without one.
These injuries were inflicted
over the course of months,
With care,
Suggesting
complete self-control.
Hanson: So, if it's not
a crime of passion --
At least not
a  traditionalcrime of passion.
What are you saying?
He was into
the rough stuff.
A textbook case
of sadomasochism.
What, do you mean he wanted
someone to do this to --
What is wrong
with people?
Let me ask you a question,
detective.
You've never consumed alcohol
to excess?
Huh?
Never driven
beyond the speed limit
Or engaged with a partner
of a dubious sexual history?
Done all three at once,
to be perfectly honest.
Hey,
I'm just a man, doc.
So was he.
What is your point,
henry?
[ metal scrapes ]
It's a fine line
between pleasure and pain.
Jo: Mrs. Gaines?
I'm sorry.
Uh, this is a lot to process
at once.
[ voice breaking ]
I'm still trying to figure out
a way to tell my kids
That their father's dead.
Here.
[ sniffles ]
Thank you.
You and your husband --
you were happy?
Of course we were happy.
The injuries on
your husband's body suggest...
...Ritualized punishment.
Can you tell us anything about
your husband's proclivities?
Did you and your husband engage
in any sort of...
Sex games?
It was therapy.
And it wasn't with me.
Richard had
a domination therapist --
Called herself
iona payne.
I take it
that's an alias.
Did you give your husband
permission
To have sex
with this woman?
It wasn't about sex.
Then what was it about?
Power.
Richard was
a powerful man.
He worked in a world where
any weakness might be exploited.
He learned not to
let his guard down to anyone --
Not even me.
Nearly cost us
our marriage.
Therapists, counselors --
none of it helped.
Until he met iona.
You never felt
any resentment or jealousy?
Are you married,
detective?
No.
Then how could you possibly
understand?
She gave me
my husband back.
How'd you like to visit
a domination therapist?
There's a first time
for everything.
Henry: Lovely room.
I have to say,
It's more therapist
than dominatrix.
I should've brought
lucas' black light.
I bet you this place lights up
like a peep-show booth.
I'm just saying, there's no way
this woman is not a prostitute.
Nice ink.
See you next week.
My receptionist didn't tell me
I had a couples session.
Oh, we're not a couple.
Um, nypd. We just want
to ask a few questions.
Oh.
Where's yours?
I'm just
a humble medical examiner.
Ah.
Come in.
Do you mind
if I change?
My 3:00 has
a different therapeutic need.
Um, we can give you a minute,
if...You need...
No, it's fine.
I'm good if you are.
[ sighs ]
Henry?
Yes. Sorry.
Please have a seat.
How can I help you two?
Uh, we'd like to ask you
about one of your clients --
Uh, richard gaines.
His wife said
he'd been coming here
To see you
the last two years.
That's correct.
When was the last time
you saw him?
Uh, last night.
We had a 9:00 p.M. Session.
Do you mind telling us
what that session entailed?
Oh, I don't talk
about my clients
Without
their permission.
Your client is dead.
What happened?
You tell us. You were
the last one to see him alive.
Your client
was strangled to death.
Was that
part of his therapy?
My job is to help people
unlock their pain.
Well, judging
from our victim's body,
It's also
about inflicting it.
Mind if I have
a look around?
Please.
Be my guest.
Physical pain
serves a function.
It teaches us.
Wouldn't you agree,
doctor?
Well, it teaches us
to protect ourselves.
In an ideal world,
we learn from it.
Psychic pain
is different.
I help people...
Trade one sort of pain
for another, more harmless one.
Harmless, huh?
[ metal clinks ]
Guy was choked.
If I'm not mistaken,
this would have left a mark
Like the one we found
on the victim's neck.
You're not mistaken.
Pulley system --
So that you may strangle
your clients with a rope.
You need to tell us
what happened
Between you and the victim here
last night.
I would never
hurt a client.
Of course not,
But choking someone
isn't exactly a science, is it?
[ rope creaking ]
Richard trusted me.
Perhaps he trusted
the wrong person.
Go ahead and have a seat
right there.
Let me ask you
a question, doc.
Why would people pay
300 bucks an hour
To get their asses kicked?
If it makes them forget
their true pain...
I'd call it a bargain.
You said that richard left
at 10:00.
Where were you
at 11:00?
I was with
another client.
Great. Give me a name, and we
can clear all this up right now.
Come on, you're really
gonna risk a murder charge
To protect
the privacy of a client?
I didn't kill richard.
No,
but you did do this.
The lash marks are mine.
How about the bruises
on his throat?
Your client died
of asphyxiation.
We know
that you choked him.
Right, but that's not
what killed him.
My medical examiner already
gave us the cause of death.
Your m.E. Was wrong --
Not about the asphyxiation,
but about what caused it.
Richard wasn't choked.
Why should we trust
a dominatrix over a doctor?
Well, which one of us has
more experience choking people?
The muscles in richard's neck
were too thick,
Due to
our previous sessions.
So what, in your
expert opinion, killed him?
He stopped breathing.
Isn't that how everybody dies,
technically?
Well, not like this.
Richard was forced
to stop breathing
By his own body.
How is that possible?
[ sighs ]
He was electrocuted.
I don't see any burn marks
on his body.
A persistent
low-grade charge
Would have forced his diaphragm
to seize up
And his lungs to stop.
The entry point
would have been small...
Likely obscured
by a bruise.
It's an easy mistake
for the untrained eye.
Are you okay, henry?
[ scoffs ]
Well, hardly.
She's right.
[ bells jingle ]
Hello, abraham.
M-maureen.
W-what are you
doing here?
Oh, I was
in the neighborhood.
I thought I'd just pop in
and say hello.
What happened
to our meeting for dinner?
I-I told you
I had work to do.
Oh,
I won't disturb you.
I just wanted to see
where you spend your days.
[ inhales deeply ]
Mmm!
I love that smell.
Old furniture?
No, you -- your musk.
Oh.
Well, get back to work.
I'm just gonna...
Take a little look around.
Ooh!
[ inhales sharply ]
I love this piece.
Damn you, maureen.
What did I do?
Uh, nothing, nothing.
It's just that you're you
and I'm me,
And we both know
how this is gonna end.
Well, we've always burned hot,
haven't we?
Until someone gets burned.
But not this time, abe.
We're not
a couple of dumb kids anymore.
We've learned
from our mistakes.
So why am I doing this?
[ both moaning ]
So, I was thinking
about all that rain
We had last night,
right?
I was wondering
If any of the evidence
from the crime scene
Might have washed its way
all the way down the block
To the...
Sewer.
Yeah, so, when you thought
of this little project,
You thought of me?
Well, can you picture
henry doing this?
[ chuckles ]
I think that little dominatrix
really got under his skin.
Yeah, well, it's not like henry
to be out-sherlocked
On a cause of death.
[ grunts ]
What is this?
Cattle prod.
The d.O.A. Was
electrocuted to death, right?
Maybe I can get some prints
off this thing.
Thanks.
You see that,
lucas?
Nucleic streaming.
An idiot can see
that this man was electrocuted.
Okay, I-I'm gonna stop you
right there.
Oh, please.
Not another
boilerplate pep talk
Filled with
inane sports metaphors.
Do you know
how many jump shots
Michael jordan missed
in his career?
Over 9,000 -- 9,000!
And that's supposed to
help me how?
Because, henry, everybody,
even the greatest of all time,
Pooched it
every once in a while.
[ clicks tongue ]
Now you know what it feels like
to be us --
To be mortal.
Yes.
Yes, I suppose
that is rather comforting.
You know, I-I was gonna go
get a drink around the corner,
If you wanted to wrap up here
and join.
Next time.
"next time" is what you said
last time.
Hope you figure it out.
[ rudolph taylor's
"search your heart" plays ]
¶ I can't believe
¶ your love is gone
[ maureen laughs ]
¶ how do you expect
for me to live, baby ¶
¶ in this wide world alone?
¶ so search your heart
¶ and find some love for me
¶ don't put me, baby
[ knock on door ]
¶ oh, no, no
Dr. Morgan.
Sorry.
Are you with a client?
Well, that depends --
On why you're here.
I was
in the neighborhood,
And I wanted to talk to you
about erotic electrocution.
Talk about
cutting to the chase.
It seems to me
that you are uniquely qualified
To paint a portrait
of our killer.
You have...Keen acumen.
Electrocution is something
I use sparingly --
Usually on the back.
Other times,
somewhere else.
How can it turn deadly?
If the person
administering it
Doesn't know
what they're doing.
I could give you
a demonstration.
It would be purely professional,
of course.
I suppose I'm afraid
to relinquish control.
I think you're afraid
of a great many things, doctor.
That's not one of them.
Hand.
[ handcuff clicks, ratchets ]
[ inhales sharply ]
Be gentle.
Of course.
[ handcuff clicks ]
Too tight?
I'm fine.
Next, his arms would be raised
in a stress pose, like so.
[ chains rattling ]
I'm not
gonna hurt you.
We can stop
anytime you want.
No, I'm -- I'm fine.
Please continue.
But somebody did hurt you,
didn't they?
Somebody you loved,
that you trusted.
[ crow cawing ]
Nora?
I never meant
to do this to you.
If I could have
made it home sooner...
[ voice breaking ] henry?
Is that you?
Ohh!
How?
They told me
you were dead,
That you fell
over the side of the ship.
I don't know
how to explain.
All that matters
is that I'm home, darling.
Do you know
what this is, henry?
It's a miracle.
It was a long time ago.
Let me help you
unlock that pain.
I'm much more interested in
catching your client's killer.
You hide
behind your work, doc.
Your real area of expertise
is avoiding any real intimacy.
Perhaps
I enjoy the solitude.
Human connection is all
any of us are looking for.
Let me help you.
I'm a hard case --
Too much history.
I don't mind a challenge.
At first,
you will beg me to stop.
And then
you'll beg me not to.
[ sighs shakily ]
Well,
it was right here.
[ knock on door ]
Hold on.
Uh, perhaps this might be
a good time to release me.
This has been most informative.
Thank you.
Ms. Payne,
a.K.A. Molly dawes,
You're under arrest
for murder.
What?!
Yep.
We found the murder weapon
used to kill your client.
Your prints
were all over it.
[ chains clanking ]
Someone else here?
H-henry?
Detective martinez.
Might I trouble you
for a handcuff key?
Uh...
I can explain.
Uh, no. Unh-unh.
You don't have to do that.
[ sighs ]
What did she say?
Same thing everybody says --
that she didn't do it.
I'm inclined
to believe her.
A woman who beats people
for a living?
And I dismember
dead bodies.
Meaning?
That though our occupations
are unusual,
We're both professionals.
You want to know what iona did
before she became a dom?
She was a therapist.
You want to know
how she lost her license?
She had an affair
with one of her patients --
Joseph briggs.
When iona tried
to break it off with him,
He killed himself.
Now, I'm not saying
That she tried
to kill either of them,
But clearly she has a history
of crossing lines.
What would you like me
to call you --
Iona or molly?
I suppose "mistress payne"
is out of the question.
[ sighs ]
Well,
look at the bright side.
At least one of us
ended up in handcuffs.
They really are gonna charge me
with richard's murder,
Aren't they?
It's not looking good.
The incident
with your former patient
Joseph briggs...
...You want to tell me
about it?
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean,
it was simple.
I got too close.
I knew better,
but I was 27 years old,
And so I let myself fall in love
with a deeply troubled man.
I did learn my lesson about
getting involved with patients.
So you
and richard gain--
No.
Besides, he wasn't even my type.
I prefer the lone wolves.
If you give me the name
of the client you were with
At the time of richard's death,
I can confirm your alibi.
You know I can't do that.
I respect your scruples,
But protecting a man's anonymity
isn't worth prison.
Most people think my job is
about what I do to my clients.
It's what I don't do.
I bring them
right to the edge,
And in that moment where
they are completely vulnerable
And I can do anything I want
to them...
I stop.
It's ironic, isn't it?
Uh, what's that?
That the only way
you can truly feel alive
Is to give another person
the power to destroy you.
Are you ever
going to tell me
What happened to you
on that ship?
Not if I can help it.
I have ways of loosening
your tongue, henry morgan.
[ chuckles ]
So,
why won't you tell me?
Because
you won't believe me.
I can hardly believe it
myself sometimes.
You can tell me
anything.
I've given you
my whole heart.
Why can't you
give me yours?
[ sighs ]
[ inhales deeply ]
[ record crackling ]
[ groans ]
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, good lord.
What happened?
You don't remember?
Oh.
[ chuckles ]
How could I forget?
Is it me, or are we
just getting better with age?
Like a fine bordeaux.
[ laughs ]
Speaking of which,
I should clean up.
Or...We could just leave it
how it is.
Well, yeah, I'd love to,
but it's almost noon,
And somebody's
got to open the store.
Oh? Says who?
The guy who's got to work
for a living,
Thanks to
his two divorces --
Which were worth
every penny.
Let me make it up
to you, abe.
Come away with me,
abe.
Let's do all the crazy things
that we always talked about.
[ sighs ]
[ clicks tongue ]
That's why
you came back, hm?
To tempt me to drop everything
and join you
On some cocktail-fueled
grand tour?
Oh, I wasted so many years
just wondering
If there was something better
around the corner.
Then I figured it out.
The best thing in my life
was there from the start --
You.
We were meant to be.
But we're not
spring chickens.
That, I know.
So...
[ inhales deeply ]
What's keeping you here,
Surrounded by
all this...Old stuff?
Hmm?
[ sighs ]
Did you find something,
detective?
What are the chances?
I have these exact same boots
at home.
Why would iona hide
her client list in there?
You're just snooping.
It is called a general
search warrant, henry.
And yes --
I am snooping.
She likes you,
you know.
I beg your pardon?
Iona.
Come on, henry.
You see everything,
and you don't see that?
I hardly see what that has to do
with anything.
Relax, henry.
I am not suggesting that
you ask our murder suspect out.
Why would iona
be reading that?
She wouldn't.
It's an ironic disguise
for her appointment book.
So, where was she
Wednesday at 11:00 p.M.?
A. Schopenhauer.
Hold that.
[ dialing ]
[ ringing ]
Hanson: Hello?
Hanson.
Hey, I need you
to run a last name for me --
Schopen--
[ static ]
hello?=
Hanson?
[ garbled speaking ]
Damn it.
They're all aliases.
Her clients are named after
existential philosophers.
Schopenhauer came after
wittgenstein and kierkegaard.
[ speed-dialing ]
What's wrong --
bad reception?
[ ringing ]
no. Something else.
Hello?
Hey, hanson,
keep the line open.
[ static ]
I've heard this interference
before.
[ static intensifies ]
[ static stops ]
Oh.
Looks like
iona's got a bug problem.
Surveillance device?
And it's one of ours.
I don't know anything
about surveillance.
I'm just a retired cop
living on a pension.
Really?
'cause you checked out that unit
in may of '02,
And you never returned it.
Things get lost,
sweetie.
Hanson: Yeah, but you do work
as a p.I. Now,
So let's cut the crap,
all right, sweetie?
Who hired you
to bug iona payne's office?
Who's iona payne?
She's a woman looking at
25 to life for murder.
Wish I could help,
but, as you know,
Unlawful surveillance also comes
with a stiff sentence.
Okay.
[ clears throat ]
What do you want?
Guarantee of immunity
from prosecution --
That ought to do
the trick.
Deal.
It was the dead guy's wife
who hired me --
Gwyneth gaines.
She thought her hubby
was playing hide-the-whip
With his dominatrix.
Was he?
Ain't that a kick.
I mean, this guy paid
to get his ass whipped
By some skank
in a leather skirt.
I don't see
how casting aspersions --
Hey, to each his own.
I'm saying.
But what this lady
was charging,
At least a guy
can get his rocks off.
That's enough.
Take it easy, doc.
I'm sorry.
I didn't realize
you had a soft spot for whores.
Oh! Henry!
[ groans, inhales sharply ]
[ sighs ]
Iona was right.
Pain can be quite liberating.
[ inhales sharply ]
Now, quit being a baby.
[ exhales deeply ]
He had a very hard face.
[ groans ]
What happened to you?
Threw the old back out,
I guess.
Maureen?
So, the honeymoon
continues.
Well, here's the thing.
I don't think
it's gonna end this time.
That's what you said about
both your previous marriages.
Maureen wants me
to go away with her.
Before passing judgment,
Don't you think
you should meet her?
I thought we decided
I should never meet
anyone you're involved with.
Because they'd eventually
find out about your condition.
Well, at this point in my life,
I don't think you need to worry.
You know I don't like
talking about --
Yes.
About the fact
that my days are numbered.
Well,
maureen makes me feel alive.
That's ironic,
Given the number of times
she's tried to kill me.
But you trust her
this time?
Despite my better judgment,
I do.
Then I look forward
to meeting her.
Trust is a rare thing
in this world.
Stop, henry!
Don't do this!
I can prove
that what I told you is real.
Please, henry!
I won't lose you all over again!
I'll come back to you,
and then you'll see
That my story is true --
I'm immortal.
Put it down
if you love me.
I do.
Which is why
I can't go on
With you believing
that I'm insane.
[ gasps ]
I believe you, henry!
I believe you.
I'm sorry it took me so long
to believe it.
[ sighs deeply ]
Oh, nora.
Oh, thank you.
Gwyneth:
I wanted to believe him...
But part of me
just...Couldn't.
Believe that your husband
wasn't having sex with iona?
[ voice breaking ]
but if it wasn't sex,
What was she giving him
that I couldn't?
I loved my husband.
I wanted to be
his everything.
How do you think
it made me feel
That she was the one
finally able to reach him?
Mrs. Gaines,
where were you at 11:00
The night
your husband was murdered?
You don't think that I --
Where were you?
I wanted to feel
what my husband felt,
What made him so happy,
that I couldn't do for him.
I never told her
I was his wife.
You're the client
she was protecting.
Can I get you to write that down
on a deposition?
That way, I can cut ms. Payne
loose as a murder suspect.
[ police radio chatter ]
Good night's rest?
Ah. Clearly, you've never
spent the night in jail.
Clearly, you don't know me
in the slightest.
I was hoping to remedy that,
doctor.
I thought you said
you'd learned your lesson
About crossing lines
with patients.
Oh, I'm not interested in you
as a patient.
[ chuckles ]
Do you have
a cell number?
E-mail address?
Instagram account?
Facebook page?
No.
Twitter handle?
Nothing?
Well, how am I
supposed to send you
Racy pictures of myself?
[ sighs ]
Well, I'm sure
I can remedy that.
I'm open to change.
Don't change too much,
okay?
I kind of like you
just how you are.
[ cattle prod whines, buzzes ]
[ grunts ]
¶ after this time
¶ there will be no more
[ sighs ]
Why don't you
just call him?
Henry doesn't own
a cellphone.
He doesn't believe
in them.
But he does own a watch,
and he's never, ever late.
Well, I'm sure
he has a good reason.
Ah. Well,
you don't know henry.
How dumb
do you think I am, abe?
You think I don't know
who henry is?
Your little secret?
Hm. I figured it out
years ago.
What little secret?
That he's your son,
you old dog.
[ chuckles ]
yes. Right.
You caught me.
I have a son.
And this dinner
was to introduce us.
You're so sweet, abe.
But your henry
is a grown man,
And you don't have to
baby him anymore,
So wherever he is,
I'm sure he's fine.
[ grunts ]
Patience, doctor.
[ cattle prod whines ]
Almost there.
[ screams ]
No, I haven't heard
from henry.
Have you talked to lucas?
You mean that dingbat
in his lab?
He said he left work
two hours ago.
Oh, you know henry.
Exactly.
This is a special occasion.
He wouldn't miss it
unless something was wrong.
Okay, let me, uh,
let me see what I can do.
Thanks, kid.
I knew I could count on you.
[ cellphone beeps ]
What are we
looking for?
Southwest corner
of the precinct.
Start scrolling
at 5:00 pm.
Okay, there.
That's him.
He's walking
to his bike.
What is this guy doing?
Oh, my god.
Aw, geez.
All right, I'm gonna put out
a bolo on a black cargo van.
Creep took his plates off.
If we get a good look
at his face...
Hey, w-wait --
wait a minute.
Let -- let me see
that last bit again.
Oh, I see it.
That tattoo.
I've seen him before.
Jo: Look,
I know he's your client.
I get
your confidentiality policy.
But he's kidnapped
my partner.
If you care anything
about dr. Morgan's life --
His name's wadlow --
cliff wadlow.
Do you have an address?
I have his number.
You can track his cell, right?
About a month ago,
Wadlow started leaving me
inappropriate messages,
And he wasn't respecting
boundaries during our sessions,
So I made him take a break
and restricted him
To once a week,
during daytime hours.
Oh, my god.
This is my fault.
What?
When I stopped seeing him,
I gave his regular time session
to richard.
Well, that still doesn't explain
what he has against henry.
He must have been following me.
He must have seen me --
What, iona?
What did he see?
Seen me kissing henry outside of
the station house today.
B-but...Would he want
to hurt henry?
Given what his stepfather
did to him,
I think
he's capable of anything.
[ breathing shakily ]
[ groaning ]
I can see
that you want to kill me...
And I'm sure
that your reasons are sound,
But if I may ask
one favor of you,
Make it quick.
Best to get it over with,
don't you think?
Not a chance, doctor.
I want to enjoy
every last minute of this.
I thought
you might feel that way.
[ grunts ]
[ groaning ]
[ strained ]
please...Stop.
I've always been
on the receiving end,
But it's fun
inflicting pain, too.
[ exhales deeply ]
I'm happy
to switch places.
[ screaming, gagging ]
I saw you at her office
last night,
And today,
I saw you kiss her.
[ groans ]
[ coughs ]
Iona belongs to me!
You understand?
She is mine!
[ whimpering ]
it won't happen again.
I know.
I'm gonna make you hurt
Like you have never hurt
in your life.
Honestly...
I don't believe
that's possible.
We'll see about that.
[ electricity crackles ]
[ screaming ]
Stop it!
There's been a mistake!
Nora, please tell them
there's been a mistake!
I just want you
to get better.
But you said
you believed me.
Because I wanted to stop you
from hurting yourself.
You haven't been the same man
since you came home.
I'm not the same man!
Nora, please tell them!
Nora!
Nora!!
I trusted you!
Bedlam is the only place
For someone
in his high state of delirium.
[ muffled screaming ]
When will he be cured,
doctor?
As long as it takes
to purge him of his madness.
[ exhales, sighs ]
Cliff:
Oh, good. You're awake.
Ready for
another round of treatment?
Listen to me.
[ breathing heavily ]
I know what it is
to be alone,
To have been betrayed
By the one person
you thought you could trust.
Killing me
won't ease the pain.
It'll only make it worse.
So what's the point
in living?
[ door bursts open ]
Drop it! Nypd!
Let me see those hands!
Put it down!
Drop that!
You said
you wanted to die fast?
[ electricity crackling ]
[ both screaming ]
Henry, don't worry.
We're gonna get you down.
Get him down.
Yeah.
All right.
Loosen him.
[ whimpers ]
We got you.
Come here.
[ grunts ]
Okay, you're safe.
You okay?
Ohhh.
What is that?
[ sighs ]
Story for another time.
Abe: Thank god!
[ cellphone beeps ]
That was henry.
What happened?
Huh?
Well,
h-he was, um...
Kind of tied up,
uh, with work.
[ sighs ]
[ inhales deeply ]
You're not coming with me,
are you?
On the grand tour?
Mm-hmm.
Nah, I can't. I --
[ sighs ]
This is where I belong.
Well, henry's lucky
to have you.
I really was looking forward
to being husband number 5.
Oh, abe.
You know
you've always been number 1.
[ rudolph taylor's
"search your heart" plays ]
¶ I got the message, baby
¶ you sent to me
Our body feels pain
to warn us of danger.
[ whip cracks ]
[ grunts ]
But it also reminds us
we're alive,
That we can still feel.
That's why
some of us seek it out...
...While others
choose to numb it.
¶ but nothing will ever change
¶ this love of mine
Solitude has always been
my analgesic of choice.
¶ when I was a kid
But what if feeling nothing
is the worst pain of all?
What if the sharing of pain
connects us to others
And reminds us
that none of us is alone
As long as we can feel?
¶ love walked in my door
You came.
Well, I was in the neighborhood,
and, uh...
Hey, doctor, doctor.
Come on, grab a seat.
What is your poison?
Cognac --
older, the better.
Got it.
When you asked
about my scar,
The reason I didn't tell you
was --
No, listen, I'm sorry.
I didn't --
I didn't mean to pry.
No, it's...
I want you
to know the story.
I was shot.
Shut the front door!
[ laughs ]
He's here!
Look at that!
Oh! Aah!
Sorry. I totally just violated
your personal space.
One might argue
that was long overdue.
Of course,
one would be wrong.
And here's your little
fancy-pants drink, doc.
Oh! Henry morgan having a drink
with the old gang?
Never thought
I'd live to see the day.
Well, you live long enough,
anything is possible.
Cheers to that,
right?
[ laughter ]
Cheers.
Absolutely.
Hey, you're behind.
Drink that up.
Come on.
We're three in at this point.